pygame :
 
    Pygame is a set of Python modules that allow us to create games and multimedia applications
    Pygame is python library for game development.
    
Initialization and Modules:

    PyGame consists of various modules that provide abstract access to specific hardware components and uniform methods
    to interact with them.
    Initialization of PyGame is done using the pygame.init() function, which initializes all the included modules.

Displays and Surfaces:

    PyGame uses a user-created display
    which can be a window or full screen,
    to present the game visuals.
    The display is created using the .set_mode() method, which returns a Surface representing the visible part of the window. Surface objects define rectangular areas on which you can draw graphics.

Images and Rects:

    PyGame allows loading and manipulation of images in different formats using the image module.
    Images are loaded into Surface objects, which can be displayed and modified.
    The Rect class is used to represent rectangles and is heavily used in PyGame for various objects, including images, windows, players, and enemies.


Setting Up the Game Loop:

    Every game from Pong to Fortnite uses a game loop to control gameplay.

    The game loop does four very important things:

        Processes user input
        Updates the state of all game objects
        Updates the display and audio output
        Maintains the speed of the game
        
    Every cycle of the game loop is called a frame,
    and the quicker you can do things each cycle,
    the faster your game will run.
    Frames continue to occur until some condition to exit the game is met.


    The first thing the game loop does is process user input to allow the player to move around the screen.
    Therefore, you need some way to capture and process a variety of input.
    
    You do this using the pygame event system.
    
Processing Events :

    Key presses, mouse movements, and even joystick movements are some of the ways in which a user can provide input.
    All user input results in an event being generated.
    
    Events can happen at any time and often (but not always) originate outside the program.
    
    All events in pygame are placed in the event queue, which can then be accessed and manipulated.
    Dealing with events is referred to as handling them, and the code to do so is called an event handler.
    Every event in pygame has an event type associated with it. For your game, the event types you’ll focus on are keypresses and window closure.
    Keypress events have the event type KEYDOWN,
    and the window closure event has the type QUIT.
    Different event types may also have other data associated with them.
    
    For example, the KEYDOWN event type also has a variable called key to indicate which key was pressed.
    You access the list of all active events in the queue by calling pygame.event.get().
    
    You then loop through this list, inspect each event type, and respond accordingly:


Drawing on the Screen :

    screen.fill() to fill the background
    pygame.draw.circle() to draw a circle
